good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
22 so this morning I am just starting
off by making some line maps for English
so I went through journey's end and I
pinpointed the means which I expected to
cut off on our long and then I just
photocopied it and I went through your
hands I brainstormed ideas for what I
would write about if one of these essay
topics people
and then I have the same thing but this
time for poetry and hello
you
we're on our way to go and see our
really close friends Sofia nama and we
haven't seen them for quite a while so I
think we're all excited to see them and
at the moment I've just started this
book called positively memoir by Pedro
and is really good
it's currently three days later that
evening we went to a Christmas party and
we were playing Mario Kart on Louie and
then we played the game of life and we
also made a music you're gonna win
always swimming
we place like each other - in my way man
she looks on molarity Udacity we know
you watch Ruby's vlog so
as you can see we did have a lovely
evening and we didn't get back until
about half 11 so thank you for watching
this blog and have a productive week